+++
title = "~2018.7.30 Update"
date = "2018-07-29"
description = "A short update from the Tlon team for the week of ~2018.7.30."
aliases = [ "/posts/2018-7-30-update/" ]

[extra]
author = "~tonlur-sarret"
ship = "~poldec-tonteg"
image = "https://media.urbit.org/fora/updates/~2018.7.30-Update-1.jpg"
+++

Here's a short update from the team at Tlon for the week of `~2018.7.30`:

![](https://media.urbit.org/fora/updates/~2018.7.30-Update-1.jpg)

The Keys team worked more this past week on specifying and implementing the plan
to get the Urbit constitution on the Ethereum blockchain. _Anthony_
`~poldec-tonteg` and _Morgan_ `~hidrel-fabtel` have nearly completed updating
the specification for Wallet. _Will_ `~hadrud-lodsef` and _Keaton_
`~tonlur-sarret` have a better idea of how to create a smooth experience for
current address-space holders to generate their Ethereum keys and get them to us
to put in the contract. _Mark_ `~palfun-foslup` and _Travis_ `~rigdyn-sondur`
spent the week implementing more crypto jets (code:
[`urbit/argon2`](https://github.com/urbit/argon2)), and Mark is also working
on an `argon2` WebAssembly library (code:
[`urbit/argon2-wasm`](https://github.com/urbit/argon2-wasm)),
which will help us generate private keys during onboarding. _Robert_
`~lodleb-ritrul` is now working with us to write user documentation for all of
the processes that will be part of our key generation and management
applications. We can't wait for Urbit ownership to be cryptographically real.

![](https://media.urbit.org/fora/updates/~2018.7.30-Update-2.png)

The Infrastructure team spent the week making the Urbit computer more beautiful.
_Curtis_ `~sorreg-namtyv` worked more on Hoon improvements and started work on
the Tlon-official Hoon style guide. _Ted_ `~rovnys-ricfer` and _Elliot_
`~littel-ponnys` completed several Ford Turbo design changes and got all their
tests passing again, now working on completing caching implementation and Eyre
integration
(code [here](https://github.com/urbit/arvo/branches/all?utf8=%E2%9C%93&query=ford-turbo),
technical updates [here](https://fora.urbit.org/proposals/posts/~2018.3.15..04.24.35..a47f~/)).
_Joe_ `~master-morzod` got full HTTPS support working on the testnet! Ted also
wrote up a new UP on his thoughts on Urbit parallelism. Check that out [here](https://fora.urbit.org/proposals/posts/~2018.7.28..19.57.33..7ed3~/).

The Interface team worked more on Landscape, our application to allow better
communication and collaboration. _Galen_ `~ravmel-ropdyl`, _Gavin_
`~ridlur-figbud`, and _Jimmy_ `~haptyl-wanwes` continued their iterative design
revision feedback process, and Landscape is looking good. _Chris_ `~sigtus-hossyn`
and _Logan_ `~tacryt-socryp` continued implementing the latest desktop/mobile
features to get the product ready to ship, as well as extending support for the
latest backend Landscape API's that _Isaac_ `~davtyr-nimren` has been improving.
Urbit is becoming more usable by the day.

Last but not least, the Documentation team continued doing `~zod`'s work helping
[Omitted long matching line]

Also: we'll be hosting another party this month on Friday, August 17th. Save the date! Link: [meetup.com: Urbit IRL ~2018.8](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/253292678/)

Okay! Have a great week.

---

Photo credit: [Studio Olafur Eliasson](http://olafureliasson.net/)
